Update broken/old link for Trin book (#30)
ethereum/portal-website: pages/resources/tutorials/query-history.md

Trin turns your computer into a Portal Network node, meaning it can relay requests to other nodes on the network. Your request is passed around the network until it reaches a node storing the specific information you need. Then, that node sends the data to you.

> The easiest way to get Trin is to clone the [Github repository](https://github.com/ethereum/trin) and follow the installation instructions in the [Trin book](https://ethereum.github.io/trin/users/index.html).

Reviewer: I think it would be more useful to link to the quick start rather than the users index. https://ethereum.github.io/trin/developers/quick_setup.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The easiest way to get Trin is to clone the [Github repository](https://github.com/ethereum/trin) and follow the installation instructions in the [Trin book](https://ethereum.github.io/trin/developers/quick_setup.html).
```
